c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.Controls.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.Data.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\slash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChildWindow1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\slash\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChildWindow1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\CRM.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\CRM.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LoginWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChooseDealerFunction.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RMIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\TrialBusinessManager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChildWindow1.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChooseDealerFunction.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LoginWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RMIndentPlacement.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\businessmanager\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RMIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abdul_munim\Desktop\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
C:\Users\irteza\Desktop\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version1\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
E:\MY WORKZ\Anvil Lab\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\ForDibosh\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Others.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\Ispahani\Final Ispahani\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version3\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\SilverlightContrib.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.DataForm.Toolkit.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BubbleCreme.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.BureauBlack.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Theming.Toolkit.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.Toolkit.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Backup\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalNotification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferApprovalWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Version4(Local)\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Deploy\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Works\BusinessManagerVersions\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.cs
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Works\Old Project Back-ups\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.xap
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AdvancePaymentChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Somee Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductConvertChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\IssueCommissionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConnectivityErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\BillHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\BillPaymentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\IndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\MRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\PLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ProductTransferHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\RequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\SalesReturnHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RegionTargetSetPane.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AdvancePaymentChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesTargetAndAchievmentViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductConvertChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\TargetAchievementViewer.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateEditProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SetSalesTargetForOfficers.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\UBusinessManager.xap
D:\Final Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SetEditTarget.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\UBusinessManager.xap
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\TestPage.html
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.Interactivity.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Prototyping.SketchControls.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.pdb
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.SL4.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.pdb
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.SL4.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Controls.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Effects.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\System.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\de\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\es\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\it\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainViewControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\BillInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\DealerInfoControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintBillUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintExpenditureUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintIndentUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\IssueCommissionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\FinishedStockUpdate.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\LedgerEntry.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\PackageEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\UpdateUnfinishedStock.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ChangePasswordView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Co-ordinator\CODealerEditChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConnectivityErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLRUnfinished.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateSeason.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\GenerateProductTransferChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\TransferLotAllocationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\BillHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\BillPaymentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\IndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\MRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\PLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ProductTransferHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\RequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\SalesReturnHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewProductTransfer.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoLinkAdded.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SetEditTarget.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\TransferIndentVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductEditWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductTransferDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReportsView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Report\AchievementDashboard.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AdvancePaymentChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AssignSalesTarget.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\SetEditTarget.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ApproveTransferIndentWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\BalanceInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\PlaceTransferIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductConvertChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ProductTransferVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDOInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewNoticeDetailsChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewRegions.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\WorkList.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintHeader.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRPackageUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintMRRProductUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintPLRUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintRequisitionUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\PrintSalesReturnUserControl.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyBillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Accountant\VerifyExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEditEmployeeWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewEmployees.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Admin\ViewUserProfile.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillDetailChilndWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BillPaymentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePackageChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProductView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DetailedNoticeView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\InventoryBalanceChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DO\ViewTransportationLosses.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\EditInventoryInfoChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBill.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewBillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewExpenditureDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewRequisitionDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewSalesReturnDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\IndentDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRPackageDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\MRRProductDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationApprovalView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\DealerRegistrationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\NSMExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\About.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\BusyWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ConfirmPLRs.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateExpenditure.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateMRR.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewEmployee.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateNewRegion.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreatePLR.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRegionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\CreateRequisition.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DealerIndentPlacement.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\DORequisitionApproval.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ErrorWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ExpenditureApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\GenerateBillChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRDetail.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewMRRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Histories\ViewPLRHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\Home.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotAllocation.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\LotSelectionChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NoticeBoard.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ForwardIndentNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\SalesReturnNSMVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\NSM\ViewIndentForForwardingByNSM.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRConfirmationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\PLRDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ProductDetailWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionApprovalChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionConfirmation.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ReturnRequisitionView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditureChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\AcceptedExpenditures.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillPayment.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\BillsForVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\CreateDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\EditDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndent.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ForwardIndentRMChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\History\RMIndentHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturn.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\IssueSalesReturnChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\TransportationLossWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\VerifyBillWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RM\ViewIndentForForwardingByRM.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnDetailChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SalesReturnVerificationChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSIC.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ForwardIndentSICChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\IssueInventoryBalance.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewIndentForForwardingBySIC.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SIC\ViewRequisitionHistory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\SplashExperiment.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\RequisitionVerification.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\UpdateFinishedGoodView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\VerifySalesReturns.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewAllInventory.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealer.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewDealerChildWindow.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewIndentsForBill.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewInventoryView.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewPackage.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\Views\ViewProduct.g.i.cs
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.g.resources
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.dll
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\TrialBusinessManager.pdb
D:\Test Version\Version5\businessmanager_original\TrialBusinessManager\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
